DEBUG: timeframe value from analyzer: 'medium', type: <class 'str'>
DEBUG: About to call print_market_analysis with timeframe='medium'

======================================================================
MARKET ANALYSIS: BTC (MEDIUM - 1h)
======================================================================

ADVANCED ANALYTICS:
  Volatility Forecast:
    • 24h: 0.75% (Confidence: medium)
    • 4h: 0.89% (Confidence: medium)
    • 1h: 0.81% (Confidence: medium)
  Market Regime:
    • Trend: Trending | Volatility: Low volatility (Confidence: high)
  Strategy Suggestion:
    • Strategy: Insufficient data
    • Rationale: Not enough data to determine a safe or effective 
strategy. Wait for more price action and indicator signals before 
trading.
    • Advice: Do not open new positions. Monitor the market and wait for
clearer signals.

PRICE INFORMATION:
Current Price: 96487.18
24H change: -0.27%
Volatility: 18.32%
  └─ Volatility measures price fluctuation magnitude. It's calculated as
the percentage range between high and low prices relative to the low 
price. This value falls into the 'extremely high daily volatility' range
(>8%), indicating potential market uncertainty.
  └─ Period return measures price change as a percentage over the 
analyzed timeframe, calculated as ((current_price - starting_price) / 
starting_price) * 100. This value indicates sideways price action, 
typical of consolidation or indecision phases.

TREND: SIDEWAYS
Strength: Strong
Confidence: Medium

SIGNALS:
  Short-term: Neutral
  Medium-term: Bearish
  Long-term: Neutral
  Recommended Action: HOLD

ADVANCED TRADING RECOMMENDATION:
  Market Condition: Trending (Uptrend)
  Strategy: Trend following
  Action: BUY
  Confidence: Medium

  Entry Points:
    • Pullback to support @ 96381.79
    • Immediate entry @ 96487.18

  Exit Points:
    • Stop Loss @ 95899.88
    • Target 1 @ 96523.96
    • Target 2 @ 97251.47
    • Target 3 @ 97386.55

  Risk Assessment:
    • Risk/Reward Ratio: 0.06
    • Risk: 0.61%
    • Suggested Position Size: 10.00%

  Supporting Indicators:
    • RSI: 59.39343876822854
    • Stochastic: K(82.0) > D(76.9)

  Contrary Indicators:
    • MACD: 107.1490 < 260.6257

Trend Analysis: Trend direction determined by linear regression slope 
(-7.959976) and percent change (-0.27%). Trend strength based on ADX 
value of 25.79. Signals derived from 5 technical indicators. Signal 
breakdown: 3 bullish, 1 bearish, 1 neutral. 

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:

Trend:
  - MACD: Neutral
    ├─ Line: 107.1490
    ├─ Signal: 260.6257
    └─ Histogram: -153.4766
    Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) consists of the MACD 
line (difference between two EMAs), signal line (EMA of the MACD line), 
and histogram (difference between MACD and signal lines). 
Interpretation: When MACD crosses above the signal line, it's a 
potential buy signal; when it crosses below, a potential sell signal. 
The histogram shows momentum: increasing bars suggest strengthening 
momentum, decreasing bars suggest weakening momentum. MACD is 
particularly valuable in crypto markets for identifying potential 
reversals and trend strength.
  - SMA: Neutral
    Simple Moving Average (SMA) calculates the average price over a 
specified period, giving equal weight to each price point. 
Interpretation: When price is above the SMA, it suggests bullish 
sentiment; when below, bearish sentiment. Longer period SMAs (50-200) 
indicate long-term trends, while shorter ones (5-20) show short-term 
momentum. Cryptocurrency traders often watch for price crossing 
above/below key SMAs or for SMA crossovers as potential entry/exit 
signals.
  - ADX: Strong Trend
    └─ Value: 25.79
    Average Directional Index (ADX) measures trend strength regardless 
of direction. Interpretation: Values below 20 indicate a weak trend or 
ranging market; values above 25 indicate a strong trend. Higher values 
mean stronger trends, not higher prices. ADX doesn't show trend 
direction, only strength. In crypto markets, which can experience 
extended periods of sideways movement, ADX helps traders determine 
whether trend-following strategies are appropriate.
  - ICHIMOKU: Bullish
    ├─ Tenkan-sen (Conversion): 95517.25
    ├─ Kijun-sen (Base): 95517.25
    ├─ Senkou Span A (Leading A): 96177.48
    ├─ Senkou Span B (Leading B): 94804.19
    └─ Chikou Span (Lagging): 96487.18

Momentum:
  - RSI: Neutral
    └─ Value: 59.39
    Relative Strength Index (RSI) measures the speed and magnitude of 
price movements on a scale from 0 to 100. Interpretation: Traditionally,
values above 70 indicate overbought conditions (potential sell signal); 
values below 30 indicate oversold conditions (potential buy signal). In 
stronger trends, these thresholds may shift (80/20 for strong markets). 
Cryptocurrency markets can maintain overbought/oversold conditions 
longer than traditional markets, so look for divergences and pattern 
breaks rather than relying solely on threshold values.
  - STOCHASTIC: Bullish Crossover
    ├─ %K: 81.98
    └─ %D: 76.93
  - CCI: Overbought
    └─ Value: 132.66
    Commodity Channel Index (CCI) measures a security's price deviation 
from its statistical average. Interpretation: Values above +100 indicate
potential overbought conditions; values below -100 indicate potential 
oversold conditions. Crossing from negative to positive territory may 
signal bullish momentum; crossing from positive to negative may signal 
bearish momentum. CCI can be particularly useful in crypto markets for 
identifying potential price extremes and trend reversals.

Volatility:
  - BOLLINGER: Neutral
    ├─ Upper Band: 96836.05
    ├─ Middle Band: 95007.11
    ├─ Lower Band: 93178.18
    ├─ Price: 96487.18
    └─ Position: 1.56% from middle
  - ATR: Low Volatility
    └─ Value: 918.25
    Average True Range (ATR) measures market volatility by calculating 
the average range between high and low prices. Interpretation: Higher 
ATR values indicate higher volatility; lower values indicate lower 
volatility. ATR doesn't provide directional signals but helps set 
appropriate stop-loss levels and profit targets. Given cryptocurrency's 
high volatility, ATR is essential for risk management, helping traders 
set stops that account for normal market fluctuations.

Volume:
  - OBV: Confirming Downtrend
    └─ Value: -33690778624.0
    On-Balance Volume (OBV) adds volume on up days and subtracts volume 
on down days to show buying and selling pressure. Interpretation: Rising
OBV suggests positive volume pressure (buying); falling OBV suggests 
negative volume pressure (selling). Divergences between OBV and price 
may signal potential reversals. In crypto markets, where volume can 
indicate institutional interest, OBV helps validate price movements and 
identify potential manipulated rallies or selloffs.

======================================================================
