DEBUG: timeframe value from analyzer: 'medium', type: <class 'str'>
DEBUG: About to call print_market_analysis with timeframe='medium'

======================================================================
MARKET ANALYSIS: BTC (MEDIUM - 1h)
======================================================================

PRICE INFORMATION:
Current Price: 96602.72
24H change: -0.15%
Volatility: 18.33%
  └─ Volatility measures price fluctuation magnitude. It's calculated as the percentage range 
between high and low prices relative to the low price. This value falls into the 'extremely high 
daily volatility' range (>8%), indicating potential market uncertainty.
  └─ Period return measures price change as a percentage over the analyzed timeframe, calculated 
as ((current_price - starting_price) / starting_price) * 100. This value indicates sideways price 
action, typical of consolidation or indecision phases.

TREND: SIDEWAYS
Strength: Strong
Confidence: Medium

SIGNALS:
  Short-term: Neutral
  Medium-term: Bearish
  Long-term: Neutral
  Recommended Action: HOLD

ADVANCED TRADING RECOMMENDATION:
  Market Condition: Trending (Uptrend)
  Strategy: Trend following
  Action: BUY
  Confidence: Medium

  Entry Points:
    • Pullback to support @ 96381.79
    • Immediate entry @ 96602.72

  Exit Points:
    • Stop Loss @ 95899.88
    • Target 1 @ 97251.47
    • Target 2 @ 97386.55
    • Target 3 @ 97596.35

  Risk Assessment:
    • Risk/Reward Ratio: 0.92
    • Risk: 0.73%
    • Suggested Position Size: 10.00%

  Supporting Indicators:
    • RSI: 60.09670009903564
    • Stochastic: K(82.9) > D(77.2)

  Contrary Indicators:
    • MACD: 116.3658 < 267.9991

Trend Analysis: Trend direction determined by linear regression slope (-7.957559) and percent 
change (-0.15%). Trend strength based on ADX value of 25.79. Signals derived from 5 technical 
indicators. Signal breakdown: 3 bullish, 1 bearish, 1 neutral. 

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:

Trend:
  - MACD: Neutral
    ├─ Line: 116.3658
    ├─ Signal: 267.9991
    └─ Histogram: -151.6333
    Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) consists of the MACD line (difference between two
EMAs), signal line (EMA of the MACD line), and histogram (difference between MACD and signal 
lines). Interpretation: When MACD crosses above the signal line, it's a potential buy signal; when
it crosses below, a potential sell signal. The histogram shows momentum: increasing bars suggest 
strengthening momentum, decreasing bars suggest weakening momentum. MACD is particularly valuable 
in crypto markets for identifying potential reversals and trend strength.
  - SMA: Neutral
    Simple Moving Average (SMA) calculates the average price over a specified period, giving equal
weight to each price point. Interpretation: When price is above the SMA, it suggests bullish 
sentiment; when below, bearish sentiment. Longer period SMAs (50-200) indicate long-term trends, 
while shorter ones (5-20) show short-term momentum. Cryptocurrency traders often watch for price 
crossing above/below key SMAs or for SMA crossovers as potential entry/exit signals.
  - ADX: Strong Trend
    └─ Value: 25.79
    Average Directional Index (ADX) measures trend strength regardless of direction. 
Interpretation: Values below 20 indicate a weak trend or ranging market; values above 25 indicate 
a strong trend. Higher values mean stronger trends, not higher prices. ADX doesn't show trend 
direction, only strength. In crypto markets, which can experience extended periods of sideways 
movement, ADX helps traders determine whether trend-following strategies are appropriate.
  - ICHIMOKU: Bullish
    ├─ Tenkan-sen (Conversion): 95517.25
    ├─ Kijun-sen (Base): 95517.25
    ├─ Senkou Span A (Leading A): 96177.48
    ├─ Senkou Span B (Leading B): 94804.19
    └─ Chikou Span (Lagging): 96602.72

Momentum:
  - RSI: Neutral
    └─ Value: 60.10
    Relative Strength Index (RSI) measures the speed and magnitude of price movements on a scale 
from 0 to 100. Interpretation: Traditionally, values above 70 indicate overbought conditions 
(potential sell signal); values below 30 indicate oversold conditions (potential buy signal). In 
stronger trends, these thresholds may shift (80/20 for strong markets). Cryptocurrency markets can
maintain overbought/oversold conditions longer than traditional markets, so look for divergences 
and pattern breaks rather than relying solely on threshold values.
  - STOCHASTIC: Bullish Crossover
    ├─ %K: 82.90
    └─ %D: 77.24
  - CCI: Overbought
    └─ Value: 136.28
    Commodity Channel Index (CCI) measures a security's price deviation from its statistical 
average. Interpretation: Values above +100 indicate potential overbought conditions; values below 
-100 indicate potential oversold conditions. Crossing from negative to positive territory may 
signal bullish momentum; crossing from positive to negative may signal bearish momentum. CCI can 
be particularly useful in crypto markets for identifying potential price extremes and trend 
reversals.

Volatility:
  - BOLLINGER: Neutral
    ├─ Upper Band: 96861.12
    ├─ Middle Band: 95012.89
    ├─ Lower Band: 93164.66
    ├─ Price: 96602.72
    └─ Position: 1.67% from middle
  - ATR: Low Volatility
    └─ Value: 916.03
    Average True Range (ATR) measures market volatility by calculating the average range between 
high and low prices. Interpretation: Higher ATR values indicate higher volatility; lower values 
indicate lower volatility. ATR doesn't provide directional signals but helps set appropriate 
stop-loss levels and profit targets. Given cryptocurrency's high volatility, ATR is essential for 
risk management, helping traders set stops that account for normal market fluctuations.

Volume:
  - OBV: Confirming Uptrend
    └─ Value: -25944896512.0
    On-Balance Volume (OBV) adds volume on up days and subtracts volume on down days to show 
buying and selling pressure. Interpretation: Rising OBV suggests positive volume pressure 
(buying); falling OBV suggests negative volume pressure (selling). Divergences between OBV and 
price may signal potential reversals. In crypto markets, where volume can indicate institutional 
interest, OBV helps validate price movements and identify potential manipulated rallies or 
selloffs.

======================================================================
