DEBUG: timeframe value from analyzer: 'short', type: <class 'str'>
DEBUG: About to call print_market_analysis with timeframe='short'

======================================================================
MARKET ANALYSIS: BTC (SHORT - 15m)
======================================================================

PRICE INFORMATION:
Current Price: 97222.54
24H change: 0.37%
Volatility: 2.67%
  └─ Volatility measures price fluctuation magnitude. It's calculated as the percentage range
between high and low prices relative to the low price. This value falls into the 'moderate 
daily volatility' range (2-5%), which is typical of normal market conditions.
  └─ Period return measures price change as a percentage over the analyzed timeframe, 
calculated as ((current_price - starting_price) / starting_price) * 100. This value indicates
sideways price action, typical of consolidation or indecision phases.

TREND: SIDEWAYS
Strength: Strong
Confidence: Low

SIGNALS:
  Short-term: Bearish
  Medium-term: Bullish
  Long-term: Neutral
  Recommended Action: BUY

ADVANCED TRADING RECOMMENDATION:
  Market Condition: Trending (Uptrend)
  Strategy: Trend following
  Action: BUY
  Confidence: Medium

  Entry Points:
    • Pullback to support @ 94506.73
    • Immediate entry @ 97222.54

  Exit Points:
    • Stop Loss @ 94506.73
    • Target 1 @ 97472.55
    • Target 2 @ 97789.99
    • Target 3 @ 99965.81

  Risk Assessment:
    • Risk/Reward Ratio: 0.09
    • Risk: 2.79%
    • Suggested Position Size: 35.80%

  Supporting Indicators:
    • RSI: 83.43581847854735
    • MACD: 661.8593 > 255.4781

  Contrary Indicators:
    • Stochastic: K(91.4) D(91.8)

Trend Analysis: Trend direction determined by linear regression slope (-6.796346) and percent
change (0.37%). Trend strength based on ADX value of 38.44. Signals derived from 5 technical 
indicators. Signal breakdown: 2 bullish, 2 bearish, 1 neutral. 
Advanced analysis suggests trend_following strategy with medium confidence. Market condition:
trending (uptrend). Suggested entry near 94506.73. Target: 97472.55. Stop loss: 94506.73. 
Risk/Reward: 0.09. 

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:

Trend:
  - MACD: Bullish
    ├─ Line: 661.8593
    ├─ Signal: 255.4781
    └─ Histogram: 406.3812
    Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD) consists of the MACD line (difference 
between two EMAs), signal line (EMA of the MACD line), and histogram (difference between MACD
and signal lines). Interpretation: When MACD crosses above the signal line, it's a potential 
buy signal; when it crosses below, a potential sell signal. The histogram shows momentum: 
increasing bars suggest strengthening momentum, decreasing bars suggest weakening momentum. 
MACD is particularly valuable in crypto markets for identifying potential reversals and trend
strength.
  - SMA: Bullish
    Simple Moving Average (SMA) calculates the average price over a specified period, giving 
equal weight to each price point. Interpretation: When price is above the SMA, it suggests 
bullish sentiment; when below, bearish sentiment. Longer period SMAs (50-200) indicate 
long-term trends, while shorter ones (5-20) show short-term momentum. Cryptocurrency traders 
often watch for price crossing above/below key SMAs or for SMA crossovers as potential 
entry/exit signals.
  - ADX: Strong Trend
    └─ Value: 38.44
    Average Directional Index (ADX) measures trend strength regardless of direction. 
Interpretation: Values below 20 indicate a weak trend or ranging market; values above 25 
indicate a strong trend. Higher values mean stronger trends, not higher prices. ADX doesn't 
show trend direction, only strength. In crypto markets, which can experience extended periods
of sideways movement, ADX helps traders determine whether trend-following strategies are 
appropriate.
  - ICHIMOKU: Bullish
    ├─ Tenkan-sen (Conversion): 96193.71
    ├─ Kijun-sen (Base): 95768.87
    ├─ Senkou Span A (Leading A): 94024.75
    ├─ Senkou Span B (Leading B): 94024.75
    └─ Chikou Span (Lagging): 97222.54

Momentum:
  - RSI: Overbought
    └─ Value: 83.44
    Relative Strength Index (RSI) measures the speed and magnitude of price movements on a 
scale from 0 to 100. Interpretation: Traditionally, values above 70 indicate overbought 
conditions (potential sell signal); values below 30 indicate oversold conditions (potential 
buy signal). In stronger trends, these thresholds may shift (80/20 for strong markets). 
Cryptocurrency markets can maintain overbought/oversold conditions longer than traditional 
markets, so look for divergences and pattern breaks rather than relying solely on threshold 
values.
  - STOCHASTIC: Overbought
    ├─ %K: 91.43
    └─ %D: 91.81
  - CCI: Overbought
    └─ Value: 174.14
    Commodity Channel Index (CCI) measures a security's price deviation from its statistical 
average. Interpretation: Values above +100 indicate potential overbought conditions; values 
below -100 indicate potential oversold conditions. Crossing from negative to positive 
territory may signal bullish momentum; crossing from positive to negative may signal bearish 
momentum. CCI can be particularly useful in crypto markets for identifying potential price 
extremes and trend reversals.

Volatility:
  - BOLLINGER: Neutral
    ├─ Upper Band: 97955.01
    ├─ Middle Band: 95880.05
    ├─ Lower Band: 93805.09
    ├─ Price: 97222.54
    └─ Position: 1.40% from middle
  - ATR: Low Volatility
    └─ Value: 283.73
    Average True Range (ATR) measures market volatility by calculating the average range 
between high and low prices. Interpretation: Higher ATR values indicate higher volatility; 
lower values indicate lower volatility. ATR doesn't provide directional signals but helps set
appropriate stop-loss levels and profit targets. Given cryptocurrency's high volatility, ATR 
is essential for risk management, helping traders set stops that account for normal market 
fluctuations.

Volume:
  - OBV: Neutral
    └─ Value: 838124544.0
    On-Balance Volume (OBV) adds volume on up days and subtracts volume on down days to show 
buying and selling pressure. Interpretation: Rising OBV suggests positive volume pressure 
(buying); falling OBV suggests negative volume pressure (selling). Divergences between OBV 
and price may signal potential reversals. In crypto markets, where volume can indicate 
institutional interest, OBV helps validate price movements and identify potential manipulated
rallies or selloffs.

======================================================================
